So my ideal team as a division. Also first aboard the ship, trying to
carry out the mission for the Army head. Excellent, Captain. My ideal
team is working with my chief petty officer. Seems petty Officer in
the past, I had actually, on my first ship, I had a master chief Petty
officer working, and he helped me extremely. So it was important
to establish a rapport, establish a relationship with Chief Petty
officer and carry out a mission in my ambulance. That's I was engineering.
Also watch. So I had to qualify. So I hasn't used my experience,
my knowledge, my training to get qualified as off the watch, all
decks, all the engineering plant, understand it casually control drills
and rely on my chief to make sure that I understood how all the
technology works and how old personnel fit into our division. Our teeth.
So what's important part is to establish a rapport with your cheese
and later on it becomes your divisional officer. After that, you're
always has it. It's It's very simple to do that, and it's very
when and if that goes south, okay, because it was south and you're
not gonna have it down to having everything yourself. Don't do that.
Highly recommended that I recommended establishing for you, Chief.
You'll have a great yeah.